feat: updating Vault documentation (#2841)
jenkins-x/jx-docs: content/en/docs/install-setup/installing/boot/how-it-works.md

    values.yaml  # tekton specific config
```

then you can omit the `prow:` indentation in the `env/prow/values.yaml` file to make the YAML you create/edit smaller and simpler.
It also means longer term we can generate JSON schema files for each `env/$app/values.yaml` files so that we can support better editor/IDE integration.

#### values.tmpl.yaml templates

> When using `jx step helm apply` we now allow `values.tmpl.yaml` files to use Go/Helm templates just like `templates/foo.yaml` files support inside Helm charts so that we can generate value/secret strings which can use templating to compose things from smaller secret values. e.g. creating a maven `settings.xml` file or docker `config.json` which includes many user/passwords for different registries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `jx step helm apply` we now allow `values.tmpl.yaml` files to use Go/Helm templates just like `templates/foo.yaml` files support inside Helm charts so that we can generate value/secret strings which can use templating to compose things from smaller secret values (for example, creating a maven `settings.xml` file or docker `config.json` which includes many user/passwords for different registries).
```
